Add fork docs tooling: Docs Assistant, link checks, sprint plan, upst… (#1)
knylander-grafana/tempo-doc-work: docs/sources/tempo/release-notes/v2-4.md

{ resource.service.name = "foo" && status = error } | rate()
```

> In addition, you can use Grafana Explore to [query and visualize the metrics](../../metrics-from-traces/metrics-queries/configure-traceql-metrics/) with the Tempo data source in Grafana or Grafana Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, you can use Grafana Explore to [query and visualize the metrics](../../operations/traceql-metrics/) with the Tempo data source in Grafana or Grafana Cloud.
```

![Metrics visualization in Grafana](/media/docs/tempo/metrics-explore-sample-2.4.png)

> For more information, refer to the [TraceQL metrics](../../metrics-from-traces/metrics-queries/configure-traceql-metrics/) documentation. [PRs [3227](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3227) [#3252](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3252), [3258](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3258)]

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [TraceQL metrics](../../operations/traceql-metrics/) documentation. [PRs [3227](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3227) [#3252](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3252), [3258](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3258)]
```
